Fixed #36070 -- Doc'd model validation behavior for composite pks. (#19022)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

The new :class:`django.db.models.CompositePrimaryKey` allows tables to be
created with a primary key consisting of multiple fields.

> To use a composite primary key, when creating a model set the ``pk`` property

Reviewer: Would `attribute` be a more adequate name?

```suggestion
To use a composite primary key, when defining a model set the ``pk`` attribute
```
